DOCS-480: standardize links with title names motor (#1094)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/motor/28byj48.md

---
title: "Configure a 28byj48 stepper motor"
linkTitle: "28byj48"
weight: 22
type: "docs"

> description: "Configure a small unipolar 28byj48 stepper motor driven by a ULN2003 driver."

Reviewer: I'd advocate for keeping the actual hardware name here
```suggestion
description: "Configure a small unipolar 28BYJ-48 stepper motor driven by a ULN2003 driver."
```
